QUESTION 1.
    ANSWER: 2
    EXPLANATION:
        All of the lines in the corners are pointing towards and from the center, if you were to place answer number 2 to the bottom right corner,
        it will be pointing towards and from the center.

QUESTION 2.
    ANSWER: 2
    EXPLANATION:
        The shapes are increasing in size from left to right. For the first row, the triangle started very small and ended being large,
        the second row has a circle that started out very small, to a medium size, to being large. For the last row the square started very small,
        then turned into a medium sized square, I then assume it to end as a large square.

QUESTION 3.
    ANSWER: 3
    EXPLANATION:
        In the first row, the first column has a triangle that is pointing upwards and is in the center, for the second column of the first row, there
        is a triangle that is pointing downwards and is in the center, for the last column of the fist row, the two triangles overlaps and creates a
        figure where the two triangles seem to overlap.
        
        For the second row, the first column there is a circle that is justified to the left, the second column has
        another circle that is justified to the right, and for the last column of the second row, the circles are again overlaps and creates a new figure

        For the last row, the last column depicts two merged squares that are justified to the left and right. It is very similar to the second column,
        but replaced with squares, I then concluded that the first column of the last row must contain a square that is justified to the left like the 
        second row's first column.

QUESTION 4.
    ANSWER: 4
    EXPLANATION:
        I have observed that the first and last column has a pattern for the figures:
            The circles and squares are alternately shaded per row (shaded - hollow - shaded or hollow - shaded - hollow)
            The lines are in the same position for each column.
                The first column has the line justified in the center and placed on the bottom of the box
                The last column has the line justified in the center and placed on the top of the box
            The squares are close to the center and the circles are in the opposite side of where the squares are justified for their column.

        Answer number 4 has the alternating alternating shading for the squares and circles and has the line justified in the center and placed
        on the top of the box. What differentiates answer number 3 from answer number 4 is the justified of the square and circle. If it were
        placed on the cube it would have the square close to the center and the circle away from it.

QUESTION 5.
    ANSWER: 3
    EXPLANATION:
        The circle reaches the top of the box (aligned top) starting from the bottom (justified right) if read from left to right.
        The square is shown to stay where it is aligned (bottom, center, top) and justifies itself depending on the column number:
            Column 1: justified left
            Column 2: justified center
            Column 3: justified right
        
        For row number 3 started of aligned to the top, justified to the left, therefor it must end (column 3) justified to the right, aligned to the top
        which narrows down my choices to 1, 3, and 4 but choice number 3 is the only choice that has the circle aligned to the top.


